Add Envoy troubleshooting (#9316)
DataDog/integrations-core: envoy/README.md

## Troubleshooting

### Common Problems

#### Endpoint `/server_info` unreachable

> - Disable the `collect_server_info` option in your Envoy configuration to avoid this endpoint from being accessed and emitting error logs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disable the `collect_server_info` option in your Envoy configuration if the endpoint is not available in your Envoy environment to minimize error logs. Note that Envoy version data will not be collected.
```

> - Disable the `collect_server_info` option in your Envoy configuration if the endpoint is not available in your Envoy environment to minimize error logs. Note that Envoy version data will not be collected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Disable the `collect_server_info` option in your Envoy configuration, if the endpoint is not available in your Envoy environment, to minimize error logs.

**Note**: Envoy version data will not be collected.
```
